I'm right here.
If you weren't family.
I could have gut you
like a pheasant.
I mean. try to keep up.
And now back to
"La UÚltima Pasión."
UÚltima Pasión...
can only belong to one.
No.
It can only belong... to Juan!
Gabriella should kill them both.
She's not a prize to be won.
"Kill this. Murder that."
You need to lighten up. Shadow.
We're about to rule the world.
When we're done...
there won't be
anything left to rule.
That is dark. Even for you.
What are you
and the professor up to?
Hello! What's this?
I knew I saw an outside signal!
Cheerio!
I guess someone forgot to flush.
What now. my cunning cohort?
Just a little teamwork!
Hey...
The lasers...
don't seem to be
penetrating my suit.
They're conforming to the
shape of my bodacious bod.
Of course.
I designed these suits
to create a field
of laser-bending
thermal distortion.
Wasn't sure it would work
till now.
You're heartless. son.
- Hmm!
- Rotten to the core.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm...
so proud.
So now we can just dance
right through.
That sounds like a challenge.
♪ My finger is on the button ♪
♪ Push the button ♪
The Robotniks are almost
at the vault!
We're out of time. I'm going.
No. Sonic!
I haven't disabled
the traps yet!
Too late!
Look at me! I'm running
on the wrong side of the road!
Well. I got to take in
the sights.
Paul. John. George.
the other one!
Loud American coming through!
Excuse me. Pardon me.
'Ello. guv'nor!
Which way to Hogwarts?
Hear ye. hear ye!
Sonic the Hedgehog
wants a cuppa tea!
Hold this for me. please.
You're not gonna make it!
I can make it.
I'm gonna make it.
I'm not gonna make it.
I'm not gonna make it!
- Made it!
- Whoo!
Excuse me. Coming through.
No time for autographs.
Got to go. bye!
Our destiny awaits.
Stop right there. Roboscum!
- Let's do this!
- Copy!
Too slow. Eggmen.
Now if you don't mind.
I've got to get that key.
Whoa!
My feet. Why can't I
use my beautiful feet?
Heh-heh![Rockwell] Because...
this vault is armed
with variable gravity.
No kidding.
Green goes up...
and red takes you down... hard.
Rockwell. listen to me.
The Robotniks are planning to...
Oh. they're planning on stealing
a second key. just like you are?
Yes. I'm aware.
I called it the second
Commander Walters was attacked.
So...
thank you for taking the bait
and falling right into my trap.
I don't believe this.
I know. grandson.
A woman in the military!
Let's go.
Go. positions!
Full perimeter.
Robotnik.
Going full spandex. huh?
Who's the fossil?
That's my grandfather.
you dough-eating dimbecile.
- Who are they?
- A couple of bleeding hearts.
here to rescue
their emotional-support animals.
Enough! It's over.
The only way you're
leaving here is in handcuffs.
There is no other way out.
You know. there might be
one other way out.
And what is that
supposed to mean?
Hey. big guy.
I think it's time to...
Break glass
in case of emergency!
Ha! Nothing can stop
Team Knuckles!
Open fire!
Knuckles. turn this stuff off!
- Hurry!
- On it.
Uh-oh.
Ha! See how you like it...
- Can you move?
- No. not at all.
- Tails. can you?
- No. I'm stuck.
We might be here a while.
Whoa! Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
Where's the key?
Whoa!
- What was that?
- We might have a problem.
No. no. no. no!
I'm moving.
I'm moving!
You go get it. grandson!
Hey!
Oh. whoa. whoa...
No. No. no!
I'm almost there!
Whoa!
Sonic!
That was so not worth it!
Ooh!
- You okay?
- Yeah. You good?
Sonic!
Hey.
Sonic. one.
concrete boulder. zero.
Thanks for the save.
Cutting it a little close.
don't you think?
Secure the room!
She's got the key.
I got an idea.
Commander Walters.
Sir.
You're... Still alive?
I'll die before I let that key
fall into the wrong hands.
Thanks for keeping it safe.
I'll take it from here.
That's an order.
Director Rockwell.
Now. organize
the reinforcements.
Yes. sir.
Guys. guys. I got the key.
I repeat. I got the key.
Now let's get out of here.
Commander Walters.
No. no. No. Wait!
What?
Tom! Everyone's clear!
Come on. let's go!
You. What are you...
Tom!
Tom. Tom. what happened?
Speak to me. Come on.
Come on. it's gonna be okay.
Please. please. please get up.
Hey. come on. please wake up.
Wake up. wake up. come on.
Wake up. wake up. wake up!
Maria.
What did you do?
What I had to.
Oh. my God. Tom!
Help me up. kid.
Freeze! Don't move!
Any tricks up your sleeve.
Captain Grandtastic?
We got what we came for.
Great job. Shadow.
We have both keys.
So where's your little
science project?
It's closer than you think.
my boy.
Welcome...
to my masterpiece!
I must hand it to GUN.
They built her
to my exact specifications.
It's...
remarkable!
Mm-hmm.
- Astounding!
- Yes.
That's my genius grand-genome!
And I have one more surprise.
It's a new suit!
Gee.
♪ I'm a chip Off the old block ♪
♪ I'm a chip off
The old block! ♪
What do you want. Stone?
I'm busy.
Doctor. I have a bad feeling
about this.
I don't think your grandfather's
been completely honest with us.
It was something Shadow said.
There's more to their plan.
How dare you!
You have been jealous
of my long-lost grand-Pop-Tart
since the very beginning!
I no longer require
your obsequious groveling.
Consider this your notice
of termination.
Your letter of reference
will be L for Loser.
Of course.
I'll expect you to stay on
until you've been
successfully cloned.
But you and I are done!
Like a blackened catfish dinner!
Sir. it's too dangerous and
I'm not there to protect you.
I already lost you once! I...
Unsubscribe.
Blocked and reported.
I can't lose you again.
Do the honors...
grandson.
Here we go.
It'll be okay. Sonic.
It'll be okay?
Tom is fighting for his life
and you think it'll be okay?
The fox is simply trying
to comfort you.
Comfort's not
what I need right now.
I need to stop them.
By any means necessary.
Wait. you don't mean...
The Master Emerald.
The Emerald must never be
wielded for vengeance.
Not ever!
We swore a sacred oath.
Don't talk to me about oaths.
Not now!
But you told Tom
using the Emerald
wasn't the right choice.
Well. now it's the only choice.
And if neither of you
have the guts to help me.
then I'll do it alone.
But I thought the
three of us were a team.
I thought that's what
made us special.
I'm not asking you twice.
Knuckles.
Where is the Master Emerald?
Your heart is being consumed
by anger. hedgehog.
You are in no condition
to make decisions right now.
I know you're upset about Tom.
We all are.
Last chance.
Where... is it?
Don't do this.
Part of our oath
is to trust each other.
And I must abide
by that promise.
even if you have chosen
to break it.
But heed this warning:
The Master Emerald is guarded
by a fearsome warrior.
And to seize
this ultimate power.
you will have to go...
through him.
Okay. Wade...
all comes down to this.
Last few seconds.
Whipple down the ice.
He shoots... he scores!
Wade Whipple
is a champion again!
Oh. hey. Sonic. See my goal?
Pretty sick. right?
I'm here for the Emerald.
Look. Sonic. I'm sorry.
I promised to guard this emerald
with my life.
I will do whatever it takes...
Well. I tried.
Sonic!
Too bright!
This is an urgent
national emergency broadcast.
A spacecraft designed
by the agency GUN
has been hijacked and launched
out of the River Thames.
All residents are urged
to seek immediate shelter.
It's time. Shadow.
Professor. is this really
what Maria would have wanted?
The question isn't
what Maria would have wanted.
It's what do they deserve.
Remember what she meant to us.
Remember what they took from us.
Kids!
We have to go. now!
They want to take
Shadow away from us. Maria!
Hey! Hey! What are you doing?
Those are children.
- We've got our orders. Walters!
- Stand down!
Huh?
Maria!
Excuse me. Grand Paso Doble.
What is that thermonuclear
gerbil doing?
Infusing the core...
with chaos energy.
That's my little secret.
The Eclipse Cannon
is about to turn this planet
into a flaming pile of rubble.
wiping out everything
in a 25.000-mile radius.
Including us.
What?
We can't annihilate the Earth!
- Hmm?
- By combining our genius. we can rule humanity.
Together!
Humanity is a failed experiment.
If anyone should know that.
it's you.
All your life. you've been
rejected by this world.
You have nothing down there.
No one who cares about you.
But I have you now.
We're family.
We have each other.
Oh. Ivo...
you're no Maria.
The moment I lost her.
my family was gone forever!
The only way to give
Maria's life meaning
is to destroy the world
that took her from me.
So I'm burning it all down!
It's done.
Good work. Shadow.
I'm prepping
the firing sequence.
The weapon will be fully charged
in ten minutes.
It's almost finished. Maria.
You will have justice.
What is that?
Is GUN launching missiles at us?
Impossible.
It's moving too fast.
It's him.
You hurt my family.
This ends now!
Now you know my anger.
The pain I've felt for 50 years.
And you've made
the same choice I did.
I'm nothing like you!
We'll see.
Show yourself. coward!
You were right about one thing.
This ends now.
What's happening?
Where are they?
- Up there.
- Where?
- Higher.
- Hmm?
Left yourself open.
Ivo! What are you doing?
Thwarting your evil plan!
- Not the mustache!
- Agreed.
Let go on three.
One. two. three!
Oh... a nano-fist.
I haven't seen that since I
hate-watched Green Lantern in 2011.
I was saving it for Comic-Con.
But now there won't
be a Comic-Con!
Why are you alone?
Where are your friends?
They tried to stop you.
didn't they?
But you came anyway.
Your anger was too much.
What kind of hero
abandons his friends
to pursue revenge?
Abandons his family!
Don't you dare talk
about my family.
And here I thought
you cared for them.
Especially the one...
What's his name?
Tom?
Go ahead. Finish it!
What are you waiting for? Do it!
I'm right here!
You didn't let your pain
change who you are...
in here.
This is not who I am.
What are you doing?
You won. Take your revenge.
There are no winners
with revenge.
Wow.
Look at all those stars.
They're like diamonds.
The last time I sat
beneath stars like this...
I was with her.
I've felt this pain for so long.
It's all I know.
When I lost Longclaw...
I felt the same way.
Did your pain eventually
go away?
No.
But in time.
I learned there's something
even more powerful than pain.
The love we felt for each other.
That's what you need
to hold on to. Shadow.
Maria might be gone.
but your love
will always remain.
"The light shines
even though the star is gone."
This whole mess is my fault.
I've been so blinded by rage.
I thought...
I had no choice.
You always have a choice.
But making the right one
is never easy.
One more thing I learned
is that when you
really screw something up.
you can't fix it on your own.
Gotta go fast.
Don't tell me you've
got a catchphrase.
That's right. new hedgehog.
And everyone loves it.
I... will... not... try...
to stop... my...
elders... from...
destroying... the... world!
Playtime is over.
There's no going back now.
Set up defense.
Damn you. autocorrect!
Mantis!
Oh!
Whee!
I'm right here. arach-nerd.
That's what I call
mantis-scaping.
That's elder abuse!
Alert! Alert! Alert!
Shadow...
I see you've chosen betrayal.
And you were once
so useful to me.
Ready to recycle some tin cans?
Just try to keep up.
Please. Grampsy.
don't do this!
Sorry. kiddo.
Bring Your Grandkid to Work Day
is over.
Any last words?
Just one thing...
that I never thought I'd say.
What is it?
"I love you"?
No.
It was something even better.
But I'm not gonna say it if
that's the way you're gonna be.
Okay. Bye.
Grandchildren.
All the fun
and none of the responsibility.
Who said life was pointless?
- Huh?
- Oh. right. You did.
[Knuckles] Victory!
Say what you want
about my granddad.
he made one
hell of a bug zapper.
We got to stop that laser!
I knew there was something
I was forgetting.
We're out of time.
The cannon is about to fire!
Where are you?
Oh. you know.
just making friends.
They're all yours.
Follow me!
Now. this might hurt a little!
So this was your plan?
Yeah...
Would someone mind shutting
down the giant death ray?
We can't stop the cannon
from firing...
But we can steer it away
from the Earth.
- Coming around to starboard.
- Aye-aye. Doc.
Here we go.
[Robotnik] It's a little tight.
Definitely not power steering.
Keep... turning.
Jump in anytime here. guys!
Can't... hold... much... longer.
Yes!
I did it! I did it!
- Oh!
- Ooh!
Look what you did!
- Hey. look down there!
- Sonic!
Oh. Knuckles.
please tell me you have a...
Last one.
Let's make it count.
Ready for a little base of ball?
Deep breath.
One... two... three!
- Really!
- What's happening?
The reactor core is overloading.
It's only a matter of time
before it blows.
So what does that mean
for Earth?
A radioactive atmosphere.
Rain that kills the crops
and melts your flesh.
Other than that...
We're not done here!
You try to stabilize
the reactor.
Buy me some time.
I'll push the station
away from Earth
before it explodes.
This is our last chance
to do the right thing.
Go with God
stinking hedgehog.
Core integrity failing.
I've got you. Sonic!
Initializing
reactor core stabilizers.
This is Doctor Ivo Robotnik.
dedicating my final livestream
to one very special henchman:
Agent Stone.
No. no. Doctor. wait!
If I can't rule the world...
I might as well save it...
for the one and only person
who ever cared about me.
Don't do this. Doctor. please!
Stone. you were more
than a sycophant to me.
You were...
a syco-friend.
I'll miss your lattes
with steamed Austrian goat milk.
I love the way you make 'em!
So... I guess there's
only one thing left to say.
It's been a real drag.
Thanks for nothing.
Sonic. look.
Shadow and Robotnik.
They sacrificed themselves...
to save everyone.
You always have a choice.
Guys. I'm really sorry
for running off like that.
I shouldn't have
left you behind.
The truth is...
you're the best teammates
a hedgehog could ever ask for.
And the best friends.
Can you ever forgive me?
Team Sonic?
How about just "team"?
Goodbye. Doctor.
Big finish.[Knuckles] Mmm!
Now that's what I call teamwork.
Okay! It's ready!
Knuckles. how could you?
Gotta be faster than that!
Give me a break.
Still moving a little slow
over here.
- Donut Lord!
- Yay!
Okay. Knuckles. that's...
I am having the love.
I want the love!
Aww... Get in here. Ozzy.
It's great to be back together.
We're stronger than ever.
And nothing is gonna
stand in our way.
Except that one piece
of unfinished business.
And way out in front. to the
surprise of absolutely no one.
it's the Blue Blur!
Often imitated.
never duplicated.
the one. the only...
Let's do this!
Yeah!
All right. boys.
try and keep up.
Sonic the Hedgehog
is Family Champion once again!
Tails?
Knuckles?
Okay. Yeah. I overshot
the finish line.
Okay. so how do I get back?
Pro tip:
If you're gonna take a shot
at the fastest creature
in the universe...
you'd better not miss.
Um... I'm flattered
by the cosplay.
but you got a few details wrong.
I can't blame you. though.
It's hard to copy perfection.
That's a neat trick.
What? Who are you?